Update my existing D-COUTURE Home screen to fix layout + luxury styling issues. Keep the same content and behavior, but correct spacing, alignment, and button design. Do not change routes or add navigation.

CURRENT ISSUES TO FIX
1) The profile dot must NOT be on the far right. It should sit immediately after the “D-COUTURE” text in the top-left, like: “D-COUTURE  •”. There should be nothing on the right side of the top bar.
2) The center content feels too large and the whitespace is unbalanced. Make the composition feel centered with equal breathing room on all sides.
3) The “Begin Experience” button is too far below creating awkward empty space. Bring it up and make spacing consistent.
4) Button styling is not luxury. Add refined gold accents and better interaction states.
5) Add a subtle shadow/border to the center block (like a couture placard), not a heavy card.

LAYOUT REQUIREMENTS
- Use a 3-row layout with full viewport height (100svh):
  Row 1: Top bar (fixed height, padding)
  Row 2: Center content (true center)
  Row 3: Bottom action area (not stuck to the bottom; should sit comfortably below center content)
- No scrolling on this screen.
- Respect mobile safe areas (use env(safe-area-inset-bottom) and padding).

TOP BAR
- Left-aligned cluster only:
  “D-COUTURE” (small caps or small uppercase + letter spacing)
  A small dot immediately after the text (8–10px circle, filled).
- Remove the right-side dot completely.

CENTER BLOCK (make it feel smaller + premium)
- Wrap the centered content in a subtle “placard” container:
  max-width: 640px (or less on mobile)
  width: calc(100% - 48px) on mobile
  padding: 40px 28px (mobile) / 56px 44px (desktop)
  border: 1px solid rgba(200,162,74,0.28)  (gold hairline)
  box-shadow: 0 18px 60px rgba(0,0,0,0.08)  (very soft)
  border-radius: 18–24px
  background: slightly lighter than page background (subtle difference)
- Keep the typography the same text, but tighten the spacing:
  Reduce letter spacing slightly on the huge title if needed
  Reduce vertical gaps between title/subtext/philosophy markers

BUTTON AREA (move up + luxury)
- Place the button area below the placard with a consistent gap (24–36px), not at the extreme bottom.
- Button styling:
  Full-width within the placard width
  Height ~52–56px
  Border: 1px solid #C8A24A
  Text: small caps/uppercase with tracking
  Subtle hover/tap: background becomes rgba(200,162,74,0.08) and shadow/glow increases slightly
  Add a very subtle inner highlight (like inset shadow) if possible
- Keep behavior:
  State A: one button “Begin Experience”
  State B: replace with two stacked buttons:
    Primary: “Enter Your Wardrobe” (gold border + stronger fill)
    Secondary: “Curate Today’s Look” (outline only)

COLOR THEME (choose whichever matches current)
- If background is warm off-white (#F6F4F1), use near-black text (#0B0B0B) and gold accents (#C8A24A).
- Ensure contrast is accessible.

DELIVERABLE
- Modify the existing Home component and any local CSS/Tailwind classes needed.
- Show the updated code for the Home screen.
